Add crd application tutorial (#254)
karmada-io/website: docs/tutorials/crd-application.md

---

> title: Propagate a CRD application by Karmada

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Propagate a CRD application with Karmada
```

---

> This guide will cover:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section guides you to:
```

- Install Karmada control plane.
- Propagate a CRD application to multiple clusters.
- Customize the application within a specific cluster.

## Start up Karmada clusters

To start up Karmada, you can refer to [here](../installation/installation.md).
If you just want to try Karmada, we recommend building a development environment by ```hack/local-up-karmada.sh```.

```sh
git clone https://github.com/karmada-io/karmada
cd karmada
hack/local-up-karmada.sh
```

## Propagate CRD application

> The following steps demonstrating how to propagate a [Guestbook](https://book.kubebuilder.io/quick-start.html#create-a-project) which is defined by CRD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following steps walk you through how to propagate a [Guestbook](https://book.kubebuilder.io/quick-start.html#create-a-project) defined by a CRD.
```

Assume you are under the guestbook directory of the Karmada repo.

```bash
cd samples/guestbook
```

Set the KUBECONFIG environment with Karmada configuration.

```bash
export KUBECONFIG=${HOME}/.kube/karmada.config
```

1. Create Guestbook CRD in Karmada control plane

```bash
kubectl apply -f guestbooks-crd.yaml 
```

The CRD should be applied to `karmada-apiserver`.

2. Create ClusterPropagationPolicy that will propagate Guestbook CRD to member1

```bash
kubectl apply -f guestbooks-clusterpropagationpolicy.yaml
```

```yaml
# guestbooks-clusterpropagationpolicy.yaml
apiVersion: policy.karmada.io/v1alpha1
kind: ClusterPropagationPolicy
metadata:
  name: example-policy
spec:
  resourceSelectors:
    - apiVersion: apiextensions.k8s.io/v1
      kind: CustomResourceDefinition
      name: guestbooks.webapp.my.domain
  placement:
    clusterAffinity:
      clusterNames:
        - member1
```

The CRD will be propagated to member clusters according to the rules defined in ClusterPropagationPolicy.

> Note: We can only use ClusterPropagationPolicy not PropagationPolicy here.

> > Please refer to FAQ Difference between [PropagationPolicy and ClusterPropagationPolicy](https://github.com/karmada-io/karmada/blob/master/docs/frequently-asked-questions.md#what-is-the-difference-between-propagationpolicy-and-clusterpropagationpolicy)

Reviewer 2: The link is broken.
